c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\bin\Debug\FlightBoardX.exe.config
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\bin\Debug\FlightBoardX.exe
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\bin\Debug\FlightBoardX.pdb
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\FlightBoardX_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\FlightBoardX.g.resources
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\FlightBoardX.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\FlightBoardX.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\FlightBoardX.exe
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\FlightBoardX.pdb
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\FlightBoardX_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\bin\Debug\GlobalAirportDatabase.txt
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\FlightBoardX_Content.g.cs
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\BasesWindow.baml
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\BasesWindow.g.cs
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\MyPlanes.g.cs
c:\users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\MyPlanes.baml
C:\Users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\PlaneModels.g.cs
C:\Users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\PlaneModels.baml
C:\Users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\MyDialog.baml
C:\Users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\MyDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\JobRuning.baml
C:\Users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\JobRuning.g.cs
C:\Users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\bin\Debug\WpfAnimatedGif.dll
C:\Users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\bin\Debug\WpfAnimatedGif.xml
C:\Users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\bin\Debug\SmallDatabase.s3db
C:\Users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\rudolf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\rudolf\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\FlightBoardX.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rudolf\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FlightBoardX\FlightBoardX\obj\Debug\MyDictionary.baml
